adding 5 youtube demos to different parts of the docs (#1138)
wandb/docs: content/guides/hosting/data-security/secure-storage-connector.md

If you're connecting to a cloud-native storage bucket in another cloud or to an S3-compatible storage bucket like [MinIO](https://github.com/minio/minio) for team-level BYOB in your [Dedicated cloud]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/hosting-options/dedicated_cloud.md" >}}) or [Self-managed]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/hosting-options/self-managed.md" >}}) instance, refer to [Cross-cloud or S3-compatible storage for team-level BYOB]({{< relref "#cross-cloud-or-s3-compatible-storage-for-team-level-byob" >}}). In such cases, you must specify the storage bucket using the `GORILLA_SUPPORTED_FILE_STORES` environment variable for your W&B instance, before you configure it for a team using the instructions below.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert %}}

> Prefer a video? Watch [this demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uda6jIx6n5o) (9 min)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watch a [video demonstrating the secure storage connector in action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uda6jIx6n5o) (9 min).
```
